Chapter 1:


A young girl and a young boy once stood at the trunk of a large tree, one that expanded the sky and even past it. And in their curiosity, they explored was inside the tree, as the trunk had an entrance to the hollow center. That is when the two children saw the truth of the world. And would never return.
A young man named Aldr exited a dimensional rift and walked into a white void. The white void was once completely empty. But after thousands of visits, it had been filled with thousands of souvenirs from the realms below. Weapons, armor, relics, anything. Piled up in massive quantities. Aldr was somewhat of a hoarder. Greedy.
He sat at a small antique table with a chess board on top. Waiting.
'Taking too long...'
He sighed and looked down at the board. Before hearing the sound of wind. Looking up, he saw the spectral humanoid figure in front of him. A golden being with no features other than a mouth and a human like body.
"Wow...that was an interesting world..."
Aldr grimaced.
"You said that was my last."
"Well...I just have one last thing for you to do. You see, your little partner, needs some assistance on her world saving activities."
"Partner? I haven't seen that girl since my first world."
"Well. That's correct, but...well, this circumstances are interesting."
Aldr raised an eyebrow and crossed his arms over his battle torn garb.
"Interesting how?"
"Hm, well to start, you did quite a number on that world in particular. Honestly, you outdid yourself. But it was an earlier one..."
Aldr thought back to his earlier worlds. He was a bit more ruthless, and accumulated more power in them than he needed.
"..and, another Eikon has appeared there. Two, as a matter of fact."
Aldr's eyes suddenly widened. Eikon's, beings of unimaginable power across the realms. Two had appeared to occupy one world.
"Not only one...but two? That doesn't make sense..."
"I thought so too. But I have a feeling you left something there they wanted. So, unfortunately, your partner will need the help. To fight, and kill, two gods."
Aldr just looked at the figure. He didn't grow a smile, his grimace only grew deeper. What kind of man would want to fight two gods? Certainly not him...


Chapter 2: The figure hummed and summoned a chess board on top of the table.
"Ah, I wish we had more time, Aldr...but I'm afraid I'm expecting company. If you don't mind, the doors that way."
Aldr stared for a moment before rolling his eyes and turned around to look at the door behind him. A gate to nothing. He stood from his chair and shed the tattered clothes and stepped through. As he entered into nothingness, he felt space bend around him. And then Aldr found himself standing on cold stone, he was sure he was wearing boots before. In fact, his entire attire had changed. His eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness. He was in black robes with odd silver patterns. Standing on a stone brick floor beneath a cavern ceiling. In front of him was a lightly illuminated structure. Pillars of that same stone held the ceiling up. He recognized it as a temple of some sort. The way he was placed into worlds was always strange. Plunged into a random location with a random sort of equipment. 
'Well isn't this wonderful...completely unarmed, and practically naked. A great start indeed.'
In front of him was a stone statue. Though the top half appeared to have been destroyed. he couldn't really recognize what it was supposed to be of. But he also just didn't care at all. He turned away from the temple and then turned back around. There was a slight gleam on the pedestal in front of the statue. Aldr took careful steps forward. It was rather dark, so he had to make sure he was evading anything deadly. He reached forward for the gleam and grasped onto a cold steel handle. He pulled his hand back. Before sighing and grasping the handle. Pulling a shimmering black dagger out of the darkness.
'Well...fate might be on my side this time...'
He held it close to his face and examined the intricate patterns on the dagger. He couldn't recognize the language on them, but it felt oddly familiar to him.
'...a fine weapon.'
He turned around and went for the exit of the cave. The darkness was comforting, but the cold and dampness of the floor was not. The temple surprisingly wasn't worn down, the only thing that showed signs of age were the statue and it's missing half. It was quiet. And an odd feeling of unsteadiness was lingering inside him. The sound of something hitting the ground behind him echoed through the entire cave.
'God after all this time...this would be a terrible time to die.'
A sound of what seemed to be a rock falling was echoing as well. And then he saw from his peripherals, a rock rolled past him. And he heard a low growl.
'Goddamnit.'
He swiftly turned his body around and faced the darkness. Facing a beast with a cruel appearance, a wolf of some kind, it's black mane almost melded into the darkness. Foaming at the mouth to attack Aldr, like it was starved.
Chapter 3:


The beast was limping, but that didn't seem to demotivate it. In fact, it only seemed to be more eager. Licking its teeth, the wolf slowly circled Aldr as he gritted his teeth.
'Not the worst start I've had but...I'd be really pissed if I die here.'
The beast lurched forward, throwing its whole weight towards Arthur and opening its mouth, eager to take a bite out of his leg. But was met with a swift kick to the jaw.
'Good, it's stupid...'
It only took a few more dodges from Aldr to gain an advantage in the fight. Though he unfortunately lacked the reach to take advantage of it without being punished, as the dagger's blade was quite short.
'Great...great.'
The beast didn't seem alright, its actions were mindless and seemed to be out of desperation, or maybe even insanity. Though, that was nothing but another advantage for Aldr, as the beast laid out many more gaps for him to take advantage of.
He kicked the beast back and sliced it across the head, letting the black dagger drag across its flesh as Aldr burst forward, slamming his fist down onto the wolf and caving its skull.
'Its...probably dead.'
He grumbled and stabbed it a few more times for safety. And then took a peek at its flesh. There was an odd green hue, rotted. Like it had already died before. He caught his breath and sighed, eyeing the dagger. Before sparks formed into words above it.
'Finally, I was waiting...'
The guide that had been given to him showed itself in forms of, magical words. Though, they were quite helpful. Finding information about weapons and skills himself was a great pain in the ass.
The sparks formed into the roughly written words above the dagger.
[Greetings, Firstchosen.]
He gave the words a slight wave before letting out another sigh.
"Yeah, yeah, hi. Just show me my uh, whatever."
The runes shaped and transformed into another long string of words.
[Name: Aldr
Title: None
Attributes: None
Weapons: Black dagger
Skills: None]
'A promising show of abilities...'
"Show me the black dagger."
The runes transformed once again.
[Item name: Black dagger
Grade: Relic
Aspect: Death
Definition: Death marched across the desert, when asked who he was, he said "nobody".]
'Inspiring.'
He let out another sigh and stood up. It was rather uninteresting to him. The role he had taken was also uninteresting. No attributes, not a single defining power. No skills, and one useless weapon with the aspect of death.
'Come to think of it...I had a similar weapon to this back then, didn't I?'
He remembered the world slightly, Velmund. The realm of the forgotten. Back when Aldr was younger, he had done quite a number on the place.


Chapter 4: Aldr walked towards the light. As he exited the cavern, his already damp feet were only met with more damp stone. As rain poured heavily onto him he examined his surroundings. He was on the edge of a cliff, and he was on the side of a mountain, with lush greenery running down its sides. Moss and such.
He couldn't really see anything beyond that because a light veil of fog covered anything beyond it. He was careful not to slip and looked up. Noticing odd stones that protruded from the mountain.
'...stepping stones?'
It wasn't a good risk to take, attempting to climb a slippery mountain on poorly made stepping stones. But he didn't exactly have a choice. As the cave wasn't very inviting either. He sighed and looked down at his clothes before walking back into the cave. And then yanking off his robes. Thankfully, he had soft undergarments.
He cut parts out of his robe and wrapped it on his feet. Although it probably made him more prone to slipping. He didn't like his feet being cold and damp. And so, Aldr looked towards the first stepping stone in nothing but his underwear. And leaped forward. Thankfully, he managed to find his grip quickly. Though, any man without as much experience as him surely would have plunged to their death.
'Close...too damn close...'
His teeth chattered as he looked at himself in the reflection of the mountain. He had maintained his silver hair and jade eyes. But lacked the physique he had built in his last world. Scrawny was a good way to put it. And the scars he had gained were gone as well.
'Tch. Back to the start. Again, and again.'
He took a deep breath and looked towards the next step. Which was needlessly higher up.
'Was this made for a superhuman or something?
He sighed and made another leap. Barely gripping onto the edge of the stepping stone, he hurled himself up onto it. Using the dagger to find his grip. The rain only seemed to feel heavier, the air as well. The next step was closer to his reach. A small jump did just fine. But he was already a bit tired. And the thick air wasn't helping.
'This scrawny body is not helping...'
He slumped against the wall for a second to catch his breath. Looking out into the fog. He had sworn he saw it shift for a moment, but shook it off.
Chapter 5: Aldr advanced to the next step and then the next for what seemed like an hour. Yet the steps just kept going. And when he looked down, he could no longer see the cave, nor his first few steps. He was also freezing cold, and questioning his decision of stripping to his undergarments. As every part of his body was now wet. Including his feet.
He laid down on the step. Which stretched out larger than some of the others. And removed the damp robes from his feet, instead wrapping it around his waist. Wrapping them around his feet wasn't exactly smart either. As they limited his range of motion for a few extra moments of warmth. Which now meant nothing as the cold rain soaked his clothes.
'Cold...this place is too damn cold...'
He didn't exactly know what he would achieve by climbing this mountain. But he didn't really want to turn around and go back down either. He had sworn he had seen it again, the mist shifting, or something inside of it shifting.
'I'm being watched. What a pleasant feeling.'
He suddenly had the overwhelming urge to pick up the pace.
Somewhere else in the world, a woman was praying at the trunk of a divine tree. Wearing white and gold robes that looked divine. She was the epitome of beauty. Her hair was as white as the brilliant pillars of quartz holding the temple. She looked up at the tree that pierced into the very heavens as she finished her prayer. And then brilliant sparks of golden light manifested into words in front of her.
[I've sent you some...help. Just try to welcome them with open arms, will you?]
She sighed as she stared at the floating words.
"I don't recall asking for help."
The words then disappeared, and she wasn't given a response.
"Tch."
She turned around and marched out of her temple. Looking at the guards remaining outside, her expression turned stern.
"Send a few parties of men out into the outer lands. Look for anyone you deem strange, and bring them here."
"Yes, Saintess!"
The guards responded almost immediately, their tones filled with reverence for the woman. Heila, second chosen of the world tree, summoned her rapier and tied it to her waist.
Chapter 6: Aldr had been ascending from step to step for hours. His body was starting to crumble from exhaustion, his muscles had been pushed to the limit long ago, and he struggled to catch his breath. While he climbed, he tried to rack his memory about this world, but couldn't recall much, as he was already mentally exhausted. He also wasn't sure how much time had passed, so his memory may not be the best source of info either.
He stopped on a step and looked up. He could finally see the end. A solid surface.
He stretched his hand out for the next step and continued, pushing his body to the very limit. Until a sound broke through the silence. Another shift in the mist, and a flap of wings. He suddenly felt like he needed to go a bit faster. As the flapping of wings continued. He hastily went from step to step. Barely able to sustain himself. He found himself facing the last step.
It was a bit more perilous than before. But he could see the top of the mountain. He sighed and cut off a piece of his sleeve, tying his hand and the dagger together.
'This would be a terrible place to die...'
He took a deep breath before leaping. As he expected, he didn't have enough strength to get on top of the step. So he plunged the dagger into the stone and hung there for a moment.
'Alright, body...please move...'
His body wasn't exactly responding to him. His muscles had given out, and his weight was slowly tugging the dagger out of the stone.
'Shit.'
Then the flapping of wings drew close. And he turned. Something was about to exit the mist, as a loud caw echoed through the mountains.
'Just what I needed'
He sighed and looked before a giant crow exited the mist. Pitch black feathers almost raining from its body as it swooped down for Aldr. The dagger dislodged and Aldr held it as the raven carried him up. 
'I could attack it but...if it lets go...'
Aldr looked down at the endless expanse beneath him hidden by fog. And let out a sigh.
"Screwed...I'm so screwed..."
The raven flew him over the top of the mountain and landed on the lush flat green on top of it. The peak of the mountain was rather beautiful, covered in pale trees and lush moss. But Aldr was more concerned with his own survival, as the raven held him in its nest. He noticed someone sitting next to him who let out a subtle yawn. The man's hair was a dark brown, his eyes a soothing blue, like the many oceans he had seen before. Dressed in grey and white robes. A bit unlike Aldr's own. His hair was tied into a neat ponytail as he looked towards Aldr.
"Don't you think it's a bit inappropriate to only be in your underwear on a day like this?"
Chapter 7: Aldr stared at the man with an odd look in his eyes. And then spoke.
"And who might you be?"
The man let out a chuckle. His face almost seemed polished, pristine. 
"Are you asking me for a name? If so, I don't have one...not anymore."
"You...don't have a name?"
"Yes, though, it's quite the story."
The giant raven cawed at the two. As if telling them to be silent. And the man just let out a sigh.
"This damn thing..."
"So, what can I call you then?"
The young man turned his head back to Aldr. 
"Just call me Stone Monkey. I guess."
Aldr sighed and sat next to Stone Monkey. While the raven just stared at them. Sitting across from them. Although, it was rather cute in a weird way. It sat on it's butt with it's legs stretched across the nest. And looked at the two with a childlike curiosity.
"So...Stone Monkey, how did you get here?"
"I could ask you the same..."
"Aldr."
"Right, Aldr. A nice name indeed. I could ask you the same, Aldr. It's not everyday people end up in these mountains. So how did you get here?"
Aldr didn't really have a reason to be dishonest. So he told the truth. In a way.
"I just, came here. From another place."
"Ah...a realm wanderer, are you? Well I guess we are similar in that regard."
Aldr's eyes widened slightly. He wasn't aware that other beings could travel the worlds connected by the great tree.
"You...how?"
"Well, I assumed you would know. Since you came here yourself. But I guess not."
Stone Monkey shrugged and stood up. Looking at the raven. One of its eyes followed him, the other on Aldr. Which made the raven look a lot less cute.
"Well, this big bastard here kidnapped me about a year ago. I'd say. By the time I arrived in this world it had already been plunged into ruin."
Aldr nodded and stood as well, allowing the robe to dry as the clouds cleared above the mountains peak.
Stone Monkey looked at the raven and sighed.
"But, now you're here. I think I've found some better company."
He suddenly thrust his fist forward into the raven. Aldr watched as a bolt of lightning struck from the sky and fried the bird as Stone Monkey just licked his lips.
"Ah, some good food."
'What the hell...'
Chapter 8: Aldr stared at Stone Monkey for a moment.
"What in the world was that?"
Stone Monkey stopped licking his lips and looked back from the fried corpse of the raven.
"Don't tell me you haven't seen a mystic art before?"
'A mystic art...'
Martial arts were a well renowned thing in a few worlds he had conquered and ruined before. But mystic arts was a relatively new term to him.
"Not exactly, no."
Stone Monkey's calm eyes suddenly flooded with curiosity as he looked Aldr up and down.
"Interesting...tell you what, let's spar. Now."
Stone Monkey had a toothy grin. While Aldr finger's felt weary and torn, his body almost rebelling against him as it was still aching and strained from the climbing.
"What? You can't be serious..."
"Why not? I need the exercise anyways..."
Stone Monkey took a step forward. And Aldr grumbled, gripping the obsidian dagger.
"Let's see how well you fare."
Stone Monkey closed the distance rather fast. His fist flowed smoothly across the air.
Aldr may not have had any power, but he did have one thing, experience. What must've been hundreds of years of battle experience accumulated into a precise instinct and a flood of knowledge. So many ways to read one's footwork, so many ways to counter, the endless possibilities of battle. A thrilling thing.
He swept his body under the jab and took a step back, if he wasn't exhausted, he may have been able to get a grip and attempt to fight. So he had no choice but to dodge and hope for the best that Stone Monkey wasn't intent on killing him. 
As Stone Monkey struck again, Aldr felt an odd feeling. The air almost smelt fresher, felt cool and warm at the same time. He had never seen anything like it before, the world was coming together under his fist.
Aldr turned around and leaped out of the nest, hoping to gain some distance to properly recuperate. But Stone Monkey did not give it to him, the man burst across the air towards him, like the wind obeyed him, carrying him across at a great speed.
'A mystic art...it's not a martial art. That wouldn't make sense.'
He dodged another jab from Stone Monkey. Closely watching the way the air moved around Stone Monkey's fist. Aldr's foot slightly wavered on the wet mossy ground as he watched carefully. As he thought, the wind bent slightly around Stone Monkey's fist. Although he could not exactly perceive wind, he could feel it when Stone Monkey's fist passed by Aldr's head
'Interesting.'
Aldr swept his foot back and focused slightly. The essence of a mystic art. As he could see, was bending the world to the will of the fist or a leg, maybe even a sword. He had seen many similar arts, though he hadn't really heard the term of mystic art before. But he assumed it was similar to one being able to control fire, or anything at all. Stone Monkey was simply incorporating it into his martial art.
Aldr dodged one more attack. While Stone Monkey flew past him. The handsome man's foot dug into the moss and swept up, turning the momentum into a dangerous kick. Aldr felt the chilling feeling of death creeping up to him. As Stone Monkey's leg stopped near his face, a large gust of wind pushing Aldr off balance.
"What are you doing? You should be fighting back by now..."
Aldr maintained his balance and looked at Stone Monkey, who had a slight grin painted across his face.
"If I could fight back, I would. Trust me."
Stone Monkey chuckled.
"Well, you have quite good insight. My attacks aren't easily dodged. Gosh I remember the time I had such great vision..."
Aldr raised an eyebrow at his sudden tone of reminiscence.
"You said you didn't have a name anymore. You...lost it?"
"I guess you could say that. Names anchor oneself to the world after all. So I guess I didn't truly lose my name. It's more like it's been forgotten."
Aldr's gaze didn't grow any more understanding.
He looked around the peak of the mountain. It was all very beautiful. Pale trees grew from the lush moss. The air felt cleaner than anywhere he had ever been, like it had been soaked in the divine.
But then his eyes laid on a hole in the mountain. An ominous energy surrounded it.
"What is that?"
"Hm?"
Stone Monkey looked to the subject of Aldr's gaze. And stared at the hole.
"Oh, well that's just a hole that leads to a horde of monsters beneath the mountain which will devour you and your soul."
Aldr looked towards Stone Monkey, a bit bewildered.
"Though I am joking, of course. I'm not stupid enough to go somewhere which I have no way of getting out."
Chapter 9: Aldr spent a day with Stone Monkey. Doing utterly nothing except overlooking the fog and talking. But Stone Monkey didn't really have much to say, and spent most of his time either cracking an unfunny joke, or overlooking the horizon somberly.
Aldr walked up to him, the sun was setting behind the fog. Barely peeking through.
"What are you looking at?"
Stone Monkey let out a sigh.
"Do you hear it?"
Aldr steadied his gaze and stopped for a moment. Feeling the wind brush past him. It was eerily quiet, but somewhere, beyond the horizon, there rang a slight hum.
Stone Monkey looked at him and smiled.
"You do hear it then."
Aldr nodded.
"What is it?"
"Damn if I know. But it's dangerous. I'm sure you feel it too. The pull."
Aldr did feel it too. A slight but dangerous feeling of curiosity blooming within him. One he didn't feel, but still felt it, in a way that did not make sense.
"Yeah..."
'Is this an attack on my mind...?'
Using sound to manipulate someone's senses and feelings was not out of the ordinary. He had felt it many times before. But it wasn't exactly strong enough to be a threat. A weak predator trying to attract prey. That was what must lay beyond the fog.
Aldr let out a sigh and walked back to the nest. Examining the charred corpse of the raven, which the two had taken bits and pieces out of it for their meals. He lifted the wing and sighed. The night before. He had sworn he saw it twitch before he slept.
'I was just seeing things...maybe all those sleepless nights finally caught up to me.'
He shrugged and laid himself out on the neat nest made of large sticks and straw. Not the best place he'd slept, but certainly not the worst. He was at peace for a few moments. Until sparks condensed into words before his eyes.
[What a terrible predicament you are in...]
"What do you want?|
[A gift. Since I see you got a slow start. Your partner had much better luck. But these mountains? Ooh, and that treacherous monkey! You will have many tales to tell once you can leave your duties, Aldr...]
The sparks faded and then reappeared.
[You have received a great boon from the world tree.]
'A great boon...'
Not once in what must've been hundreds of years of him doing his duty, had the world tree once granted him anything. But he wouldn't complain.
[Would you like to use it?]
Aldr took a deep breath.
"Yes."
[Attribute received: Craftsman]
[Skill received: Forge]
Aldr's gaze remained steady as he stared at the two strings of words.
'Craftsman, huh. I guess he wasn't exactly keen on helping me too much.'
What use would a craftsman be in the middle of nowhere, perched like a sitting duck on top of a mountain?
Chapter 10: An attribute, the defining character of one's power. Of course, Aldr had received hundreds of these already. Though he remembered quite clearly that the one he received the first time he came to this world, was one of the most interesting ones he received. But the memory evaded him. It must have been a few hundred years ago at that point.
And of course skills, most of them stemmed from attributes, but sometimes they just don't, as power is sometimes gained by one's self. And now, Aldr had received the only craftsman attribute he had ever received in his life.
[Attribute Name: Craftsman 
Description: War once taught even the gods that a forge must not be underestimated. A blade comes naturally to you. Yet they do not recgonize you as their master.]
Aldr frowned.
'Cryptic. But I think I get it. Craftsmen can always make blades, arrows, clothes, armor, yet they never use them for themselves.'
He looked upon the odd statement about the gods.
'Pleasant.'
He swiped at the words, causing them to fade. Before manifesting the description of his skill.
[Skill Name: Forge
Skill description: The basic form of all. Gather an abundance of material and will them into the shape you desire. Though this form is quite shabby...]
Aldr's eyes widened slightly. It made sense for his attribute. But an instant forging ability would be rather useful when he had limited resources. And he knew the black dagger wouldn't be enough for him forever.
He smiled slightly.
'Promising. This time, it'll be promising.'
His peace didn't last very long. As he drifted to sleep. He dreamt of nothing. His mind full of nothingness. But his sleep was broken by a caw. 
He wrestled out of his own sleep and looked to his side. The fried corpse of the raven was gone, and a trail of green blood was leaking from where it once was.
'Goddamnit, I knew I saw it twitch! How is it alive?'
He scurried onto his feet and sighed, the trail lead out of the nest and into...
'That...hole.'
Aldr walked towards the hole in the mountain, green blood leaking into it and stopping as he stared into the seemingly bottomless pit. Another choked caw echoed out of it.
For a moment. He almost wanted to dive in. But stopped himself.
'The ring...'
He could hear it again. Not on the edge of the mountain, nowhere even near the fog. Rather, the ring was echoing from the pit.
He stared at the green blood for a few moments. He felt he was missing something, a piece in his head, everything, all the answers were right there in his memory. But they evaded him when he called upon them.
He grit his teeth. Walking away from the pit.
'If I succumb to that damn ringing, I might as well be dead.'
He walked back to the nest and sighed. His eyes were heavy, and he didn't have enough will to stand anymore.
'I'll worry tomorrow...'
He slumped back into the nest and rested peacefully throughout the night. Uninterrupted by the ominous ringing. Which had stopped by morning.
Chapter 11: Across the continent a woman with long silver hair stood in her room. Her golden eyes moving swiftly across a map laid across her table. She let out an absentminded hum. Her eyes stopped on the mountain range to the east of the city. And then towards the desert that lay beyond it.
'Troubling. If we want to expand further...we have to deal with whatever the hell is lurking in those mountains.'
She let out a grumble and summoned the sparks, watching them manifest.
"Are you even going to give me a hint on where he is?"
The sparks danced playfully and formed into words.
[Where he is going you will go too.]
She grumbled and dismissed the sparks. Staring at the maps depiction of the Stone Mountains.
Aldr woke up on the nest, feeling refreshed despite the sticks poking and prodding his back.
The dagger felt a bit heavier in his hand. For some reason, the words of the sparks resounded oddly in his head. The tools would not see him as their master.
'If that's literal. This might be worse than I thought.'
Every attribute usually had a slight downside. Sometimes none. That was just how it was most of the time.
His thoughts were interrupted by a pungent rotten smell in the air. The green blood on the ground had dried, but was giving off an awful odor. The smell of death. Rotting.
He looked towards the trail.
'Right. That.'
He walked out of the nest and to the other end of the peak. Feeling refreshing air return to his nostrils, he sat on the damp moss and sighed.
He felt the dagger in his hands. Dragging his finger across it's obsidian surface. Smooth, polished. 
He stopped himself.
'Since when the hell did I care this much about a weapon's material?'
He shifted his gaze from the dagger and looked into the fog. As the ringing slowly started to resound in his head. 
'That thing. I'm gonna kill it.'
He stood up. Not sure if he was driven by the ambition given to him by the ringing noise, or simply he had a few screws loose, but he knew what he needed to do.
'Strength. That's all I need.'
He walked over to the pit and gazed down it. And let a small smile creep up onto his face. Feeling the gaze of Stone Monkey, who was sitting on the branch of a tree.
"Now just what in the world are you doing?"
"It's there."
Stone Monkey raised an eyebrow and leaped from the branch. Landing near the pit.
"Don't tell me..."
Aldr smiled. And then let himself fall back into the pit. Being consumed by its darkness.
Chapter 12: He felt like he was falling forever. He almost let his eyes close.
The endless embrace of darkness was overwhelming, he could not see, and nor could he smell. The only thing he could hear was the ringing. It grew louder. Yet he continued to fall. He had already been falling for what had to have been at least 10 minutes. His eyes kept drooping. But he forced them back.
'A damn mind trick.'
He despised attacks on the mind. He grit his teeth slightly and bit tongue a bit to keep his eyes open.
The essence of power in the world is the will of a being. And the will of whatever was lurking in the darkness was overpowering him.
He grumbled and looked up, there was no visible light. His own body was shrouded by the darkness, a comforting feeling almost. Which he quickly shook away.
'If only I could exert my will properly in this damn body...'
To master one's will, it took them days of calibrating their body, along with just having the strength to do so.
'Unlucky...I'm so damn unlucky...'
He gripped the dagger tight and attempted to start calibrating his body, focusing the very small will he had contained within. And peered within his will, he looked within and saw his will was like a flowing river, but it was scattered across his body, unfocused, unchanneled. 
He bit the inside of his cheek, drawing a bit of blood. The pressure being exerted on his will only got heavier as he fell further and focused on controlling his will, exerting his mind even further as he tried to guide it and calibrate it fully.
The flood of energy throughout his body was extremely hard to tame. Especially by trying to force it in place.
'There's no time for this...'
He gave up on trying to calibrate it fully, and simply forced it into place temporarily.
He gained a burst of strength and exerted his will onto the area around him. Sparks of red light burst out for a few moments and the darkness started to recede. An unshaped will was weak, but the will being exerted onto him wasn't too strong as well.
'Finally some peace and-'
His thought was interrupted by something cracking beneath his feet. And as the darkness receded, he saw shards of yellow ivory scattered under his feet.
'Bones...'
The sparks of red light retracted back into his body and his will weakened along with his body.
Bones littered the floor, both human, and not human.
'Seems I've found the den...'
Chapter 13: The cave he was in was surrounded by moss, just like the peak of the mountain, lush and green. Yet the air was thick, the smell of rot. The smell of plague.
'That damn bird is close bye...'
He took his steps carefully, the bones cracking under his feet, some even piercing through, getting a slight grunt out of Aldr.
He picked up the intact bones, and felt around for sturdier ones. 
'Might as well collect these. Might need them.'
After a while of walking around he let out a sigh and slumped up against the wall of moss. Holding a human skull in his hand.
"Hm, poor you, succumbing to that thing's mind games..."
Of course he didn't get a response.
'Have I gone mad?'
He tossed the skull into the darkness and took a deep breath, and then began shaping his will once again. The torrent of energy within his body had turned a thick and pure vermilion red. Carrying no intent or focus, simply wandering aimlessly throughout his body and soul.
Though sitting on a pile of bones in his undergarments wasn't exactly the most comfortable situation, he had to take the moment of respite before entering into battle with whatever was waiting for him in the dark.
Shifting his will into the proper paths was as hard as it had always been, no matter how much experience one had. His sweat drooped down his forehead as he clenched his teeth together, trying to keep his mind intact. The endless flow of his will was colliding with his brain as he attempted to guide it through his arms, legs, chest, and head. It had to be properly calibrated through every vein, every organ, and every inch of his body.
And he had to do it quick.
'It must've noticed by now...'
His will was flying out in red sparks. If the creatures of the dark didn't sense him earlier, they must have now.
His teeth grinded against each other as he sharpened his will across his body, calibrating it into everywhere he could. Before he heard bones start to crack. Echoing off the cavern walls.
'Shit.'
He kept focusing on guiding his will, he was so close. Yet the sounds only drew closer, and he wasn't able to speed up any further.
"Oi. Snap out of it."
Aldr was surprised, and slowly opened his eyes to see a man. A human. With green blood painted across his chest. He was tall. Wearing a brown sleeveless tunic with straps on them that held various things. Along with a makeshift belt of the same nature, brown tattered pants, and a tall pair of leather boots, with a hood over his head. His figure was quite imposing, tall and wide with muscles bulging out of his arms.
"This isn't a place most people just wander into and survive. You got lucky."
The man set down the giant bone club he had in his hands and let out a sigh. As Aldr focused.
"Could you...give me a few moments?"
The man raised his eyebrow and studied Aldr for a moment before turning around and going silent.
It only took about 20 more minutes for him to finish guiding his will. Opening his eyes and standing to find the man looking at him again.
"Who are you?"
The man had a stoic gaze, scars ran across his face, meeting his fiery orange eyes.
"You can call me Aldr."
The man chuckled.
"A good name, now...what are you doing here practically unclothed?"
"They were drying off."
The man picked up his bone club.
"I have no name anymore. But if you'd like, just call me Hunter."
Aldr noticed the odd trend, both humans he had met so far did not have names, anymore at least.
'Does anyone in this damn world have a name?'
Aldr simply nodded and focused back to the bone pile he had created next to him.
"One moment. Hunter."
He picked up the pile of bones and took a deep breath before exerting his will onto the bones. Although the sparks had given him that skill, without will and the intent to use it, it was useless. As will was made up of 3 major factors, concentration, intent, and shape. Concentration involved the amount of will, the will's pure force. The intent was how it was meant to be used, like killing intent, which empower the will. And then the shape, used to shape the will or to shape other things, to shape the will would be the shape of flames. With the intent to burn. A low concentration would be a measly spark. But a high concentration would be a raging inferno.
Aldr channeled his will into the bones, watching vermilion sparks fly, as he produced the intent to forge, using his mind to force his intent onto his will and shape the bones into the form of a blade. The lower concentration of will was making the procedure arduous. And sweat began to pile down his forehead.
But it was worth it, as minutes later, a sleek sword forged of yellow ivory laid in front of him. And the sparks began to form words.
[Created Item: Bone Blade]
Chapter 14: 


Aldr stared at the sparks and smiled slightly. His mind was well exhausted, but it was worth it. The bone sword was a fine piece of work. A smooth longsword made out of yellow ivory. A rather disheartening color, but it was better than what he had expected. But a glaring issue stood in the way.
[Name: Bone Sword
Grade: Common
Attributes: None
Aspect: None]
The blade was utterly blank. A common made blade stood at the bottom of the barrel. In his experience with The Sparks, it judged a weapon from the rarities of Common -> Well-made -> Sharpened -> Masterwork -> Pure-Forged -> Relic -> Star-forged. Common was just that, a common blade. Anything ranging from poorly made to just mediocre. And even diverting from that, it lacked an attribute, or an aspect, which was the element of its attunement. Usually a weapon under the aspect of fire would have fire related attributes, water aspect with water attributes, and so forth and so on.
'Well I wouldn't expect any less from a starting forge skill...'
Although he was disappointed, he still gained an advantage. The obsidian dagger lacked reach, even as a relic weapon, it had no attributes, and an aspect was pretty much useless without an attribute to channel it.
'What a waste of luck.'
He stood up and sighed. He had no space to carry both the obsidian dagger and the Bone Sword. So he tossed the obsidian dagger to Hunter.
"Take this. I don't have enough space to carry it along."
Hunter caught it and stared at it, his fingers made the dagger seem much smaller than what it already was. He had to be at least a foot taller than Aldr.
"It's a fine work. I wouldn't trust someone with this so easily."
Aldr shrugged.
"We are both stuck at the bottom of a pit with no escape. If I die, there's no point in getting it back, if you die, I could always just rip it off your corpse."
Hunter chuckled and put the dagger into a small sheath on his belt.
"My corpse is rather strong."
Aldr looked at the man with an odd look. Hunter noticed his odd gaze quickly.
"What is it?"
"That's just...an odd thing to say."
Hunter's gaze sturdied for a moment.
"Don't tell me you don't know."
"Don't know what?"
"Ah."
Hunter scratched his chin.
"So you're a wanderer too then."
"Something like that."
The dark caves echoed their voices as hunter continued.
"To put it simply, I cannot die. Forever at least. And neither can most of the creatures in this world. It was a bit rough when I found it out for myself but, death abandoned this land long ago. Those who have the will to withstand it, will do so."
'That wolf...'
Aldr thought back to the rotting smell of the raven's blood and the wolf.
'Dead. They were dead.'